---
layout: post
title: "Understanding Body and Mind"
excerpt: "Breathing and Sinus, Hands and Heart, Meditation"
date: 2025-09-26
---

### Table of Contents
- [Breathing and Sinus](#breathing-and-sinus)
- [Hands and Heart](#hands-and-heart)
- [Meditation](#meditation)
- [Grow Hair](#grow-hair)
- [No Mind Free Spirit](#no-mind-free-spirit)

### Breathing and Sinus

Breathing is you. Mind and Body are extensions of your breath. If you stop breathing, mind and body does not exist anymore.
Using water (distilled water) to clear up the sinus. Even drinking water from the Nasel cavity is recommended. Best liquid for cleaning sinus is our own urine.
Dehydrated brain is the number one cause of the problems in the human body. Choose to drink, eat and breathe the best.

[TOC](#table-of-contents)

### Hands and Heart

Hands are the extension of the heart. Therefore, hands function as the pump for the blood. Yes, pumping hands can increase blood flow. It can cause for the Urine to become darken.
The actual difference occurs in the kidneys which start pushing the dirt out of the system. The best exercise for getting best effects is clapping. Longer and harder you clap, better cleaning of the lymphatic system happens. After clapping hold your hands together for atleast 10 minutes in Namaste position.

[TOC](#table-of-contents)

### Meditation

Shambhavi mudra, and Khechri Mudra are real meditation.

[TOC](#table-of-contents)

### Grow Hair

Hair is the anntena of the body. Hair is the extension of your brain. The brain functions internally and hair is the extension that interacts with the world around.
Longer hair you have stronger you have the ability to stay connected with your immediate surroundings. Hair retains the life events, the longer the hair the more knowledge of the past the human carries. History.
Good deeds stay with you with longer hair. Cutting your hair effects your ability to receive the signals. Hair is magnetic nature. It protects your energy and it also attracts love, people. Similar wavelength people are attracted and then it projects the same energy. Nervous system and connected to hair, so this combines a information retention system. People who cut out hair, disconnect from the surrounding and the people around them. Hair is a living tissue, it should be respected as any other body parts.

[TOC](#table-of-contents)

### No Mind Free Spirit

Stand straight, hold your arms above and far over your head, bend backwards as much possible. Before doing this action, take a deep breath and hold it while action. You will lose your control after certain time, feel free to sit on the ground, or lay on the bed, or just on the bare grass. This practice frees your spirit from your body, and creates no mind.

[TOC](#table-of-contents)



